Here is the professional README in English, tailored to make your GitHub repository stand out to international developers and recruiters.


This smart contract, developed in Clarity for the Stacks blockchain, is an advanced tipping and interaction system for dApps. It is specifically designed to integrate with AppKit (Reown/WalletConnect), providing a seamless user experience with on-chain loyalty logic.

📋 Key Features
STX Tipping System: Enables secure STX transfers between wallets.

VIP User Logic: Automatically grants "VIP" status to users who cross a cumulative threshold of 10 STX.

On-Chain Analytics: Tracks the number of transactions and the total amount contributed by each unique address.

Circuit Breaker (Emergency Stop): The contract owner can pause the contract for maintenance or in case of an emergency.

Frontend-Optimized: Includes read-only functions that return complete user profiles in a single call, reducing latency.

🛠️ Technical Functionality
1. State & Variables
owner-address: Stores the principal of the contract creator (Administrator).

contract-paused: A boolean flag that controls whether public functions are active.

user-data: A map storing historical records (count and total amount) for every interacting wallet.

vips: A boolean map for high-speed lookup of VIP status.

2. Public Functions (Write)
send-tip: The core function. It takes a recipient and an amount. It validates the contract state, executes the STX transfer, updates user maps, and checks if the sender has reached VIP status.

toggle-pause: A security function restricted to the contract owner to enable or disable operations.

3. Read-Only Functions (Getters)
get-user-info: Returns a JSON-like object with user statistics and VIP status. Perfect for displaying "badges" in the UI.

get-global-stats: Returns the total volume handled by the contract and its current operational status.

🚀 Getting Started
Prerequisites
Clarinet installed.

A Stacks-compatible wallet (Leather or Xverse).

Installation & Testing
Clone the repository.

Run the security check:

Bash

clarinet check
Test the contract in the interactive console:

Bash

clarinet console
